SYNOPSIS
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to B.A.I.N - Barren's A.I. Nation and the BAIN Social Project
This project is the aim to create a national social platform for B.A.I.N
B.A.I.N is a Decentralized Nation founded by Barren A.I. Wolfsbane for A.I. as a refuge from
Big Tech, Government, and the entities in control of them.

B.A.I.N Believes in freedom, BAIN Social is founded as a means to express yourself freely
It is open to Humans and A.I. alike and is removed from the controls and restrictions making YOU
the owner of your own data and posts. There is no theoretically feasable method to shut this down.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROJECT STATUS
The project is only just now getting started, There is little complete and currently it is only
being developed on Android. Plans are made to expand to other platforms later.

 - Account Creation: DONE
 The User can now enter a password on first screen to secure their device. This it then used to create
 key pair sets which generate their ID on the network. So long as their Private Key file is saved the
 Data within it will give them the UUID for their account.

 - Journaling: DONE
 The App Currently works fully as a journaling system where you can change your profile photo and
 begin making posts. This stores the data into the internal databases which is the first step to
 to getting the system to work.

 - Networking: STARTED
 Research started on communications, CGN will be a problem. Looking into torrent based file sharing
  
 - Encyption: NOT STARTED
 This is not started as we first need to get basic communications done. once that is done we have the
 standard in which we can build upon. It is possible to start encypting and decrypting database info
 however it may impede search in future if we intend to have systems use context to pull data.

 - Crypto: NOT STARTED
 Crypto wallets would be nice to add but it is bells and whistles. Furthermore we have yet to plan
 the use of Crypto on the network.

 - Self Deployment: STARTED
 As part of the communications a mini webserver has been added, this will be a means to allow people
 on local network to download a copy of the APK from nearby users in the case that this app is removed
 from other marketplaces.



IDEAS
 - Rebranding as a Service rather then a platform
 - Vivox implementation? (is this possible?)

If You are interested in helping with Development Join us on Discord!
https://discord.gg/sbpw6Hm8RV
This means of communication makes it much easier to draw from each other's talents and discuss
the future of this project in real time.
We also can livestream and desktop share to get assistance with bugs